---
title: "who am I"
date: 2025-08-05
categories: [About Me]
About: [about me]
---

<p> I am Morris Kyalo, an ICT professional and technology enthusiast from Kenya. I am a graduate of a Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology from Mount Kenya University and Diploma in Information and Communication Technology from Machakos Institute of Technology. Currently pursuing a specialization certificate in Data Management to advance my expertise in handling, securing, and analyzing digital information.</p>

<p> With hands-on experience as an ICT Officer at the County Government of Machakos, I specialize in software and hardware systems design, networking, web development, and data management. My career journey also includes tutoring in ICT and an internship where I built a strong foundation in systems troubleshooting, user support, and ICT infrastructure.</p>

<p> Beyond my professional role, I am skilled in UI/UX and database design, programming (PHP, C++, .Net, Ruby, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Sass, Jekyll), graphics design (Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop), and AI frameworks testing. My interests extend to coding, networking, DIY hardware building, and lawn tennis.</p>

<p> This is my personal blog and portfolio where, I document about pretty much everything that I care about. I hope you find it interesting and helpful. Recently I have been writing about AI, setup, security, and privacy in home networks—topics that help improve my digital life.</p>

<p> I value innovation, teamwork, adaptability, and integrity, and I continue to pursue opportunities to grow as a technologist while sharing my knowledge with others.</p>
